
 README
 ======

 What the Luverboy script provides:
  - The ability to fully integrate a website or other interface using the same
    SQL schema into an IRC interface.
  - The ability to independantly search, find and insert Quake 2 clan matches.
  - The ability to present the users with pretty much any kind of statistic
    that might be interesting to a Quake 2 player.
  - The ability to do all kinds of regular eggdrop tasks such as OP
    protection, definition handling, weather presenting, humor and so much
    more. See QUICKGUIDE and the !help command for more usage information.


 Installation
 ------------

 What you need:
  - Machine with IRC access capable of running an eggdrop.
  - An eggdrop binary compiled for that machine. The Luverboy script has been
    tested with eggdrop 1.6.18 but never and quite possibly older versions
    will probably also work.
  - A configured MySQL database.

 Dependencies:
  - You at least need TclXML, MySQLTCL.

 To set up the eggdrop you can use the luverboy.conf that is available in the
 cfg/ directory. This is a skeleton of the .conf file that I myself use for
 Luverboy. Copy the file into the luverboy directory and edit it to your
 liking.

 After the eggdrop is set up, the MySQL database needs to be configured. The
 database schema that Luverboy uses can be found in the sql/ directory. Please
 refer to the MySQL documentation if you do not know how to import this
 schema.

 Last but not least, you need to configure the Luverboy script. The config has
 been placed in the cfg/ directory to avoid having to check in sensitive
 information back into the repository. Copy config.tcl into the luverboy
 directory (make sure to not commit them back into the repository if you have
 write access) and only then modify the files. Leave the files in the cfg/
 directory untouched. Go through the (short) configuration file and change the
 settings that need to be changed and it should be safe to start the eggdrop
 to test the script out.


 Disclaimer
 ----------

 Luverboy is a piece of software that I've written solely on my spare time and
 it has only been tested on my own server, for a specific clan. I will make no
 promises about functionality, nor will I take and responsibility if anything
 whatsoever should go wrong. I've made this code available as is, and with no
 guarantees. Use at your own risk!


 More information
 ----------------

 A quick startup guide for the usage of the bot can be found in the QUICKGUIDE
 document.
